attester: docs:  running the fobtain-attester (#6)
fobnail/fobnail-attester: README.md

make -j
```

## Running the fobnail-attester

The fobnail-attester needs to interact with TPM device.
In order to connect to TPM device on system the `fobnail-attester`
uses shared library `libtss2-tcti*.so`. By default if this is not
additionally configured this library performs following steps:

1. It tries to open corresponding device files "/dev/tpmrm0" or "/dev/tpm0".
   In this case operation requires CAP_SYS_ADMIN capability for process.
   In other words it must be run with superuser rights, e.g.:
```shell
$ sudo ./bin/fobnail-attester
```

> 2. If the first step got faied then the the application creates a TCP socket and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the first step failed then the the application creates a TCP socket and
```

Author: Fixed
